Add docs for Hooks (#1643)
yewstack/yew: docs/concepts/function-components/pre-defined-hooks.md

    ) = use_state(|| 0);
    let onclick = {
        let counter = Rc::clone(&counter);
        Callback::from(move |_| set_counter(*counter + 1))
    };

    html! {
        <div>
            <button onclick=onclick>{ "Increment value" }</button>
            <p>
                <b>{ "Current value: " }</b>
                { counter }
            </p>
        </div>
    }
}
```

## `use_ref`
`use_ref` is used for obtaining a mutable reference to a value.
Its state persists across renders.

It is important to note that you do not get notified of state changes.
If you need the component to be re-rendered on state change, consider using [`use_state`](#use_state).

### Example

```rust
#[function_component(UseRef)]
fn ref_hook() -> Html {
    let (outer_html, set_outer_html) = use_state(String::new);

    let node_ref = use_ref(NodeRef::default);

    let onclick = {
        let node_ref = Rc::clone(&node_ref);

        Callback::from(move |e| {
            let outer_html = (*node_ref.borrow().deref())
                .cast::<yew::web_sys::Element>()
                .unwrap()
                .outer_html();
            set_outer_html(outer_html)
        })
    };
    html! {
        <>

>             <div id="result" ref=(*node_ref.borrow_mut().deref_mut()).clone()>{ "Filler" }</div>

Author: That is a good point. Looking though some examples of React's `useRef` online, I found [this example](https://gist.github.com/reireynoso/f373a0ad80f6a455cb8fa0089c256e9a) from [here](https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/implementing-useref-in-react-732908aa1998). I think we should adopt that example since it does a better job at showcasing how `use_ref` can be used.

        counter: initial + 10,
    },
);
```

## `use_effect`

`use_effect` is used for hooking into the component's lifecycle. 
Similar to `rendered` method of `Component` trait, 
`use_effect` takes a function which is called after the render finishes.

The said function returns another function, the destructor function,
which called when the component is destroyed. It can be used to clean up the effects introduced.
This is similar to `destroyed` method of `Component` trait.

### Example

```rust
#[function_component(UseEffect)]
fn effect() -> Html {
    let (counter, set_counter) = use_state(|| 0);

    let counter_one = counter.clone();
    use_effect(move || {
        // Make a call to DOM API after component is rendered
        yew::utils::document().set_title(&format!("You clicked {} times", counter_one));

        // Perform the cleanup
        || yew::utils::document().set_title(&format!("You clicked 0 times"))
    });
    
    let onclick = {
        let counter = Rc::clone(&counter);
        Callback::from(move |_| set_counter(*counter + 1))
    };

    return html! {<>
        <button onclick=onclick>{ format!("Increment to {}", counter) }</button>

>     </>};

Author: I added `return` because for some reason, intellij-rust didn't detect the implicit return. I guess its better to remove it.

}
```

This way of passing down data that is supposed to be global becomes tedious very quickly. This is where contexts come in.

Contexts provide a way to share data between components without passing them down explicitly as props.
They make data available to all components in the tree.

#### Using Contexts

In order to use contexts, we need a struct which defines what data is to be passed.
For the above use-case, consider the following struct:
```rust
#[derive(Clone, Debug, PartialEq)]
struct ThemeContext {
    foreground: String,
    background: String,
}
```

A context provider is required to consume the context. `ContextProvider<T>`, where `T` is the context struct is used as the provider.
`T` must implement `Clone` and `PartialEq`. `ContextProvider` is the component whose children will have the context available to them.
Let's implement the aforementioned Navbar using contexts and function components with the `use_context` hook.

##### Example 

```rust
/// Main component 
#[function_component(App)]
pub fn app() -> Html {
    let (ctx, _set_ctx) = use_state(|| ThemeContext {
        foreground: "#000000".into(),
        background: "#eeeeee".into(),
    });

    html! {

>         <ThemeContextProvider context=ctx>
>             // Every child here and their children will have access to this context.
>             <Toolbar />
>         </ThemeContextProvider>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <ContextProvider<ThemeContext> context=ctx>
            // Every child here and their children will have access to this context.
            <Toolbar />
        </ContextProvider<ThemeContext>>
```
Consider renaming `ThemeContext` to just `Theme` too. "Context" is implied.

Take a look at the [project board](https://github.com/yewstack/yew/projects/3) for details and consider helping out.
:::

> :::note Why Hooks return `Rc`?

Reviewer 2: I think it should be "Why *do* Hooks return `Rc`?" do be grammatically correct.

> :::note Why Hooks return `Rc`?

Author: I think "Hooks" here is a proper noun since it refers to a specific type of hooks so I'll upper case where its lower case.

> :::note Why Hooks return `Rc`?

Reviewer 3: Consistency is good :) 👍🏼

> :::note Why Hooks return `Rc`?

Reviewer 3: (usually)

In most cases, you'll be cloning the values returned from the hooks.
As it may be expensive to clone such values, they're `Rc`ed, so they can be cloned relatively cheaply.

Following example shows one of the most common cases which requires cloning the values:

```rust
let (counter, set_counter) = use_state(|| 0);
let onclick = {
    let counter = Rc::clone(&counter);
    // Values must be moved into this closure so in order to be able to use them later on, they must be cloned
    Callback::from(move |_| set_counter(*counter + 1)) 
};

html! {
    // If `counter` wasn't cloned above, it would've been impossible to use it here
    { counter }
}
```
:::

## `use_state`

`use_state` is used to mange state in a function component.

> It returns a `Rc` of the stateful value, and a setter function.

Author: Does [this](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/stateful) count?

fn effect() -> Html {
    let (counter, set_counter) = use_state(|| 0);

    {
        let counter = counter.clone();
        use_effect(move || {
            // Make a call to DOM API after component is rendered

>             yew::utils::document().set_title(&format!("You clicked {} times", counter_one));

Reviewer: You forgot to change it here:
```suggestion
            yew::utils::document().set_title(&format!("You clicked {} times", counter));
```

Reviewer: Wanted to adjust this myself real quick before merging this but it looks like you didn't give me that permission :)

Author: Huh I usually give that permissions. Not sure what happened here.

Reviewer: Maybe I was just too tired and messed up :smile:
